[core] Add an example for `RAY_DEDUP_LOGS_SKIP_REGEX` (#47913)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/configure-logging.md

  This is the log file of the agent containing logs of create or delete requests and cache hits and misses.
  For the logs of the actual installations (for example, ``pip install`` logs), see the ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log`` file (see below).
- ``runtime_env_setup-ray_client_server_[port].log``: Logs from installing {ref}`Runtime Environments <runtime-environments>` for a job when connecting with {ref}`Ray Client <ray-client-ref>`.

> - ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log``: Logs from installing {ref}`Runtime Environments <runtime-environments>` for a Task, Actor or Job. This file is only present if a Runtime Environment is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log``: Logs from installing {ref}`runtime environments <runtime-environments>` for a Task, Actor, or Job. This file is only present if you install a runtime environment.
```

(task pid=534174) Hello there, I am a task 0.17536720316370757 [repeated 99x across cluster] (Ray deduplicates logs by default. Set RAY_DEDUP_LOGS=0 to disable log deduplication)
```

> This feature is especially useful when importing libraries such as `tensorflow` or `numpy`, which may emit many verbose warning messages when imported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is useful when importing libraries such as `tensorflow` or `numpy`, which may emit many verbose warning messages when you import them. 
```

> Configure the following environment variables on the driver process before importing Ray to customize log deduplication:

Reviewer 2: I think this "before importing Ray" would need a bold up since people easily ignore this fact, and I wonder could there be a way to suggest a warning somehow during runtime to be foolproof? 
```suggestion
Configure the following environment variables on the driver process **before importing Ray** to customize log deduplication:
```

This feature is especially useful when importing libraries such as `tensorflow` or `numpy`, which may emit many verbose warning messages when imported. Configure this feature as follows:

* Set ``RAY_DEDUP_LOGS=0`` to turn off this feature entirely.
* Set ``RAY_DEDUP_LOGS_AGG_WINDOW_S=<int>`` to change the aggregation window.
* Set ``RAY_DEDUP_LOGS_ALLOW_REGEX=<string>`` to specify log messages to never deduplicate.
* Set ``RAY_DEDUP_LOGS_SKIP_REGEX=<string>`` to specify log messages to skip printing.

>     * Configure `RAY_DEDUP_LOGS_SKIP_REGEX` on the driver process before importing Ray.

Reviewer 3: I'm wondering if the statement is true for all the variables above and not just `RAY_DEDUP_LOGS_SKIP_REGEX`. If that's the case, wondering if we should make the description more general? 

For reference, it seems that people are also having troubles with `RAY_DEDUP_LOGS` by looking at the thread here: https://discuss.ray.io/t/how-to-set-ray-dedup-logs-0/10465

Author: good point!
